# Trading strategy
### Introduction
The aim of the project is to designing and performing an Algorithmic Trading strategy in Python. First, we take the data from the Foreign Exchange Market, usually known as Forex, which is a global decentralized market widely used for trading currencies and on which the foreign
exchange rates for every currency are determined.
Then, we construct our strategy. First, we took three different trading indicators, the most
commonly used in technical analysis, and we ‘manually’ define them, individually. These indi- cators are: the ‘Moving Average Divergence - Convergence’, the ‘Relative Strength Index’, and the ‘Stochastic Oscillator’. These are all three different momentum indicators used to analyze the difference between today’s closing price and the close N days ago.
In particular, the MACD is a collection of three time series calculated from historical price data, most often adopted for the closing price [1]. These three series are: the MACD series proper, the ”signal” or ”average” series, and the ”divergence” series, which is the difference between the two. The MACD series is the difference between a ”fast” (short period) exponential moving average (EMA) and a ”slow” (longer period) EMA of the price series. The average series is an EMA of the MACD series itself. The second, instead, the Relative Strength RS, is given as the ratio of higher closes to lower closes and it is obtained by computing two averages of absolute values of closing price changes [1]. Hence, the RSI computes momentum as the ratio of higher closes to overall closes: stocks that have had more or stronger positive changes have a higher RSI than stocks that have had more or stronger negative changes [2]. The third and last, is a method that attempts to predict price turning points by comparing the closing price of a security to its price range. The idea behind this indicator is that prices tend to close near the extremes of the recent range before turning points.
Subsequently, and here relies the core idea of the project, we create a function that includes all these three different indicators in order to maximize the benefits and compensate for the potential disadvantages of each one. In this way, we aim at creating an algorithm capable of leveraging the strengths of each indicator while mitigating their individual weaknesses. Moreover, conscious of all the limitations that this approach can have, such as difficulties in the management and use of the strategy, presence of potential conflicting signals, and overfitting problems, we tried to design an algorithm as linear as possible, avoiding useless sophistication, to exploit at best its potential, without losing efficiency. Finally, we plot all our results.

### Credits
Edoardo Lupotto
Giacomo Magnani
